Come on, how are you doing here?
Brothers, you have followed the instructions,
That is to say, he is temporarily out of service as company commander.
Then take him to the company commander first.
I have passed and I just have to take the exam,
It's yours now, it's yours.
Okay, what about the plan?
Ah, you have made a plan for each other,
But there are no results yet.
Okay, hurry up, otherwise I'm afraid I won't have the toothache dream this time.
Is there anything so difficult to deal with in this dream?
Otherwise, the small one is too fierce.
Miss, where are we going now?
Is this coming on? There's something behind this. good lady
what to do
We can't move them today
Is it okay for some people to leave first?
You are still taller